Defining observer elements that are parameterizable (#1034)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/concept_models/vivarium_census_synthdata/concept_model.rst

**Data Errors/Noise** 

.. todo::
    Engineers: these things are not yet defined and might be edited later - they should be parameterizable 

>     - We currently have net undercounts, might want to have omissions and duplicates instead. Having a perfect census for now should be fine. 

Reviewer: I don't think this clearly defines what needs to be parameterizable. What we need to do is scope: if we want to have the flexibility to add omissions and duplicates, what values will the omission/duplication function need as inputs?

As a rough example (haven't thought this through), if we know we will want some flexibility about duplicating college students, we might need GQ type and tracked parent/guardian.

It's possible that we can make the ask here to be able to use all tracked columns (I don't know how expensive this could get) -- might be an engineering question.

Reviewer: Re: the last sentence "Having a perfect census for now should be fine" -- it's unclear to me whether you mean for our research goals, or because we can add noise later. And "for now" -- is that Model 1/Minimum Viable Model?

Author: GQ type should be in address already I think? I agree on adding tracked guardians!

Reviewer: @SylLutze I don't think GQ type is included in address. Everyone with the same GQ type will have the same address, but we won't have a way to go backwards and tell which GQ type that address represents unless we have GQ type in the output.

Reviewer: Actually, I think we know the GQ type [from household ID](https://github.com/ihmeuw/vivarium_census_prl_synth_pop/blob/419f5c434eb9558389c1420c3f135bfe0ffd5a5c/src/vivarium_census_prl_synth_pop/constants/data_values.py#L10-L23), if that is included in the output. (Right now the docs say a "random identifier" representing household which doesn't guarantee us this correspondence.)

Author: Okay! I will add that in more explicitly then, thanks!

>     - Creation of a noise function for misrecording data (names, addresses, birthdays) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Addition of a noise function for misrecording data (names, addresses, birthdays) based only on the true values and the other columns in the survey output
```

Just being overly specific, but we need to specify that our noise function (whatever it is) will not use any currently unobserved values. Or if you don't think we can make this guarantee, I think we need to identify which columns aren't here but we might want to use.

Author: Okay, I think that makes sense. I have tried to add in what other parameters are needed (mainly focused on tracked guardians) across the board.

  :widths: 20
  :header-rows: 0

>   * - Household number (random indicator for who is in the same household)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * - Household number (random indicator which is the same for simulants in the same household)
```

Author: Thanks

  * - Home Address 
  * - Home Zip Code 

> Here is an example: 

Author: Good catch! Fixed this

**Data Errors/Noise** 

.. todo::
    Engineers: these things are not yet defined and might be edited later - they should be parameterizable 

>     - Omission rates by survey, oversampling might be needed to avoid rerunning 

Reviewer: Technically omission wouldn't require any oversampling, right?

That said, I think you should specify here a maximum number we might want to sample, so that we could change the sample rate up to that number without re-running.

Author: Sure, changed language and gave a number here

    - Creation of a noise function for misrecording data (names, addresses, birthdays) 

>     - Include person swaps or duplicates 

Reviewer: Again, here we should define what info we would need to perform these.

**Data Errors/Noise** 

.. todo::
    Engineers: these things are not yet defined and might be edited later - they should be parameterizable 

    - Omission rates, oversampling might be needed to avoid rerunning 
    - Creation of a noise function for misrecording data (names, addresses, birthdays) 
    - Further refine "sharing" of SSN's 

>     - Include person swaps or duplicates - especially relevant for taxes if dependents should be double claimed sometimes 

Reviewer: I think we need to specify what we might need for these last two bullets especially.
